my wife has a gambling problem let's get
started
Oh miss she's not very good I hope we
gonna pay I bring the back yeah take
this you'll feel much better
what was that we need some kind loves
and money
we heard arena but a price on your head
really there are many many exactly five
point six seven fives in there spike
Jackie's drinks
this looks a real ring with the fake
ones you think it'd work it has to be
underestimated the longest three days in
my life
[Music]
- you do it
goodnight where's Eddie that information
would come to pass but if you get to
wear shorts like that you must expect to
be shot mustn't you
the other than yelling
[Applause]
without that parade she's trying to tell
me something she has a lot of
resentments
I mean did she have any idea how
privileged she actually is and to be
adopted by a celebrity she said she's
never heard of you
that little [ __ ]
you